:ProperStarNames
proper0 = Achernar
proper1 = Acrux
proper2 = Aldebaran
proper3 = Alderamin
proper4 = Alioth
proper5 = Alnair
proper6 = Alphard
proper7 = Alphecca
proper8 = Alpheratz
proper9 = Alpherg
proper10 = Altair
proper11 = Ankaa
proper12 = Anser
proper13 = Antares
proper14 = Arcturus
proper15 = Arneb
proper16 = Atria
proper17 = Betelgeuse
proper18 = Canopus
proper19 = Capella
proper20 = Dalim
proper21 = Deneb
proper22 = Diphda
proper23 = Eltanin
proper24 = Enif
proper25 = Fomalhaut
proper26 = Galilleo
proper27 = Gienah
proper28 = Hamal
proper29 = Kitalpha
proper30 = Kornephoros
proper31 = Meridiana
proper32 = Mirfak
proper33 = Naos
proper34 = Phact
proper35 = Pollux
proper36 = Praecipua
proper37 = Procyon
proper38 = Rasalhague
proper39 = Regulus
proper40 = Rigel
proper41 = Rotanev
proper42 = Sadalsuud
proper43 = Schedar
proper44 = Sirius
proper45 = Spica
proper46 = Tarf
proper47 = Unukalhai
proper48 = Vega
proper49 = Zubeneschamali
-

:ConstellationNames
constellation0Nom = Andromeda
constellation0Gen = Andromedae
constellation1Nom = Antila
constellation1Gen = Antilae
constellation2Nom = Apus
constellation2Gen = Apodis
constellation3Nom = Aquarius
constellation3Gen = Aquarii
constellation4Nom = Aquila
constellation4Gen = Aquilae
constellation5Nom = Ara
constellation5Gen = Arae
constellation6Nom = Aries
constellation6Gen = Arietis
constellation7Nom = Auriga
constellation7Gen = Aurigae
constellation8Nom = Boötes
constellation8Gen = Boötis
constellation9Nom = Caelum
constellation9Gen = Caelic 
constellation10Nom = Cancer
constellation10Gen = Cancri
constellation11Nom = Canis
constellation11Gen = Canum
constellation12Nom = Capricornus
constellation12Gen = Capricorni
constellation13Nom = Carina
constellation13Gen = Carinae
constellation14Nom = Cassiopeia
constellation14Gen = Cassiopeiae
constellation15Nom = Centaurus
constellation15Gen = Centauri
constellation16Nom = Cepheus
constellation16Gen = Cephei
constellation17Nom = Cetus
constellation17Gen = Ceti
constellation18Nom = Chamaeleon
constellation18Gen = Chamaeleontis
constellation19Nom = Circinus
constellation19Gen = Circini
constellation20Nom = Columba
constellation20Gen = Columbae
constellation21Nom = Corona
constellation21Gen = Coronae
constellation22Nom = Corvus
constellation22Gen = Corvi
constellation23Nom = Crater
constellation23Gen = Crateris
constellation24Nom = Crux
constellation24Gen = Crucis
constellation25Nom = Cygnus
constellation25Gen = Cygni
constellation26Nom = Delphinus
constellation26Gen = Delphini
constellation27Nom = Dorado
constellation27Gen = Doradus
constellation28Nom = Draco
constellation28Gen = Draconis
constellation29Nom = Equuleus
constellation29Gen = Equulei
constellation30Nom = Eridanus
constellation30Gen = Eridani
constellation31Nom = Fornax
constellation31Gen = Fornacis
constellation32Nom = Gemini
constellation32Gen = Gemonorum
constellation33Nom = Grus
constellation33Gen = Gruis
constellation34Nom = Hercules
constellation34Gen = Herculis
constellation35Nom = Horologium
constellation35Gen = Horologii
constellation36Nom = Hydra
constellation36Gen = Hydrae
constellation37Nom = Lacerta
constellation37Gen = Lacertae
constellation38Nom = Leo
constellation38Gen = Leonis
constellation39Nom = Lepus
constellation39Gen = Leporis
constellation40Nom = Libra
constellation40Gen = Librae
constellation41Nom = Lupus
constellation41Gen = Lupi
constellation42Nom = Lynx
constellation42Gen = Lyncis
constellation43Nom = Lyra
constellation43Gen = Lyrae
constellation44Nom = Mensa
constellation44Gen = Mensae
constellation45Nom = Monoceros
constellation45Gen = Monocerotis
constellation46Nom = Musca
constellation46Gen = Muscae
constellation47Nom = Norma
constellation47Gen = Normae
constellation48Nom = Octans
constellation48Gen = Octanis
constellation49Nom = Ophiuchus
constellation49Gen = Ophiuchi
constellation50Nom = Orion
constellation50Gen = Orionis
constellation51Nom = Pavo
constellation51Gen = Pavonis
constellation52Nom = Pegasus
constellation52Gen = Pegasi
constellation53Nom = Perseus
constellation53Gen = Persei
constellation54Nom = Phoenix
constellation54Gen = Phoenicis
constellation55Nom = Pictor
constellation55Gen = Pictoris
constellation56Nom = Pisces
constellation56Gen = Piscium
constellation57Nom = Puppis
constellation57Gen = Puppis
constellation58Nom = Pyxis
constellation58Gen = Pyxidis
constellation59Nom = Retculum
constellation59Gen = Retculi
constellation60Nom = Sagittarius
constellation60Gen = Sagittarii
constellation61Nom = Scorpius
constellation61Gen = Scorpii
constellation62Nom = Sculptor
constellation62Gen = Sculptoris
constellation63Nom = Scutum
constellation63Gen = Scuti
constellation64Nom = Serpens
constellation64Gen = Serpentis
constellation65Nom = Sextans
constellation65Gen = Sextantis
constellation66Nom = Taurus
constellation66Gen = Tauri
constellation67Nom = Telescopium
constellation67Gen = Telescopii
constellation68Nom = Triangulum
constellation68Gen = Trianguli
constellation69Nom = Tucana
constellation69Gen = Tucanae
constellation70Nom = Ursa
constellation70Gen = Ursae
constellation71Nom = Vela
constellation71Gen = Velorum
constellation72Nom = Virgo
constellation72Gen = Virginis
constellation73Nom = Volans
constellation73Gen = Volantis
constellation74Nom = Vulpecula
constellation74Gen = Vulpeculae
-

:StarDesignations
designation0 = Alpha
designation1 = Beta
designation2 = Gama
designation3 = Delta
designation4 = Eta
designation5 = Zeta
designation6 = Epsilon
designation7 = Theta
-
