:ProperStarNames
proper0 = Betelgeuse
proper1 = Rigel
proper2 = Vega
-

:ConstellationNames
constellation0Nom = Andromeda
constellation0Gen = Andromedae
constellation1Nom = Aries
constellation1Gen = Arietis
constellation2Nom = Canis
constellation2Gen = Canum
constellation3Nom = Centaurus
constellation3Gen = Centauri
constellation4Nom = Cetus
constellation4Gen = Centi
constellation5Nom = Corona
constellation5Gen = Coronae
constellation6Nom = Draco
constellation6Gen = Draconis
constellation7Nom = Equuleus
constellation7Gen = Equulei
constellation8Nom = Gemini
constellation8Gen = Gemonorum
constellation9Nom = Hydra
constellation9Gen = Hydrae
constellation10Nom = Leo
constellation10Gen = Leonis
constellation11Nom = Libra
constellation11Gen = Librae
constellation12Nom = Lupus
constellation12Gen = Lupi
constellation13Nom = Pavo
constellation13Gen = Pavonis
constellation14Nom = Pegasus
constellation14Gen = Pegasi
constellation15Nom = Phoenix
constellation15Gen = Phoenicis
constellation16Nom = Pisces
constellation16Gen = Piscium
constellation17Nom = Retculum
constellation17Gen = Retculi
constellation18Nom = Sagittarius
constellation18Gen = Sagittarii
constellation19Nom = Scorpius
constellation19Gen = Scorpii
constellation20Nom = Serpens
constellation20Gen = Serpentis
constellation21Nom = Taurus
constellation21Gen = Tauri
constellation22Nom = Triangulum
constellation22Gen = Trianguli
constellation23Nom = Ursa
constellation23Gen = Ursae
constellation24Nom = Vela
constellation24Gen = Velorum
constellation25Nom = Virgo
constellation25Gen = Virginis
constellation26Nom = Vulpecula
constellation26Gen = Vulpeculae
-

:StarDesignations
designation0 = Alpha
designation1 = Beta
designation2 = Gama
designation3 = Delta
designation4 = Eta
designation5 = Zeta
designation6 = Epsilon
designation7 = Theta
-